README.md, before:

# UnspecifiedTypes.jl

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://ITensor.github.io/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://ITensor.github.io/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![Aqua](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl)

A module defining a set of basic types which are place holders for allocated bit-wise representable types.

## Installation instructions

```julia
julia> using Pkg: Pkg

julia> Pkg.add(url="https://github.com/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl")
```

## Examples

````julia
using UnspecifiedTypes: UnspecifiedTypes
````

Examples go here.

---

*This page was generated using [Literate.jl](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl).*

Commit message:

Update with new package skeleton (#4)

README.md, after:

# UnspecifiedTypes.jl

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://ITensor.github.io/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://ITensor.github.io/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ITensor/UnspecifiedTypes.jl)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![Aqua](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl)

A module defining a set of basic types which are place holders for allocated bit-wise representable types.

## Installation instructions

This package resides in the `ITensor/ITensorRegistry` local registry.
In order to install, simply add that registry through your package manager.
This step is only required once.
```julia
julia> using Pkg: Pkg

julia> Pkg.Registry.add(url="https://github.com/ITensor/ITensorRegistry")
```
Then, the package can be added as usual through the package manager:

```julia
julia> Pkg.add("UnspecifiedTypes")
```

## Examples

````julia
using UnspecifiedTypes: UnspecifiedTypes
````

Examples go here.

---

*This page was generated using [Literate.jl](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl).*
